take me to that happy hour I never had
show me the girl I never met I want it so bad
where is that Golden Palace where is that [__] called Destiny I think she
ran up without me me
welcome back we have a great night tonight I'm gonna take you guys somewhere that nobody else
is ever gonna take you yeah I'm gonna take you into the
Into the Heart of ancient Roman medicine we're gonna look in the drawer
of Claudius the emperor we're gonna pull out we're gonna pull out an actual scene I'm
going to show you what happens when you take the drug of communion and you enter
the mystery
[Music] thank you
[Music]
we're gonna begin tonight with a guy named scribonius largas we're gonna find
him we're gonna pull him from the grave we're gonna talk to him and see what he says in his own words we're gonna see
what he says about these Cults that you and I have been looking at we're going to look at the saturnian toxicum yes the
saturnian toxicum what is the saturnian toxicum
um well let's pull that down that too um I want to First explain to you that
we're looking at what I'm going to show you tonight is Latin first of all we're not going to look at Greek we're going
to look at Latin look a little bit of Greek but we're going to look at the Roman side through the physician who was
connected to the legions and may or may have not been uh chief
Sir Chief physician to Claudius but he was certainly from what he talks about
he was certainly involved with military medicine
fantastic fortunately he preserved for us the a work called the
compositiones which is prescription after prescription after prescription for different types of compound drugs he
doesn't talk he's not big on Theory he's big on practice and what works in treatment
um well what we can do with all sorts of injuries
um for for today we have the example of the arrow poison um and I wanna I wanna just take you
there to begin with um let's go to scribonius here and I
want you to take a look at this passage at the bottom you notice the very first word notice
the very first word is toxicum yes so this is a very specific drug
compound that he's about to tell us about a very specific one and that is
not a native Latin word when you see that c you're going to know that you're you're taking a loan word
from the Greek and the Greek is toxicon can we bring up toxic costs please the
top good and if you just take a if you just take a quick look at this definition you know
um you you'll notice right away over for the bow wait a minute I thought you were talking
about drugs here I am just wait we'll get there you talk about a kind of Crete
and Reed right the calamus the toxic calamus is a kind of Creighton
Reed that was used for arrows arrows we're talking bow culture with this word
right and if you look down um Roman numeral number two a person skilled in the use of the bow here we have a bow
culture right I bet they got horses too but I want you to look at Roman numeral
number three notice that the Bowman that took so tie those bowmen are there but then under
number two we have toxicon pharmacon a poison for smearing Arrows with
yes you see at the very bottom it's the equivalence of the women it's it's uh
he's saying here it's a it's a toxin it's a drug fantastic so let's go back
to the text that we've got from scrabonis I just want you to notice a couple of words and then I'm going to show you a video but I want you to know
it's toxicum yeah yeah and um you know when somebody gets a hold of this stuff whether
they're drinking it he says or whether it's inflicted from an injury it's the
same response that the person has and what is this terrible terrible reaction
right away there's this terrible pain in the guts all of the guts
all over the guts terrible pain like someone threw a javelin through you yeah
and it creates a furorementes it creates
a crazed State of Mind a fury not just any sort of craze but a fury
a fury of mind and what else does this thing do um it it compels its users to excelare
that's to make an ululation but to do it in the backic way with head
back oh isn't that wonderful wonderful description look they're making bucket
shouts screams can you do the bacchic scream you can do the bach extreme right
well this drug will let you do the bonus scream and what else
oh it gets a little bit gross here I gotta put a rating on this you guys better watch out because this gets
pretty gross it causes you to throw around your tongue just like someone whose head has just
been cut off now they are watching heads get cut off uh
in all sorts of ways so apparently you had to be there to see the heads get cut off but apparently you
got some funny stuff that you do with your tongue and when your head gets cut off and these people who are in the
munatic revelry enter into this stage with the toxicon
um it's the drug that is used people are saying now wait okay we're gonna spank
someone when we get back but what I want you to do now before we finish this gorgeous text because it is full of
goodies I want you to see a little video that I've prepped for you and this video
will explain to you in images and in song it'll explain to you in images and
in song the direction that scrivonius is leading us with is
toxicum yes um Chewie hit it I can't see no future for me in this
world and looking back on the past if
it's gonna be more of the same calling into the game cause I've had about
enough of that and they wonder why
[Music]
every time I get lonely
turn to the wine time that I do
[Music] I [Music]
[Applause] turned on me
[Music]
[Applause] [Music]
it's on the Venoms man I'm telling you it's all in the Venoms your history was
created by a group of women who were getting
people to enter into death and life states to be reborn with a toxic venom
a toxic venom this is the heart of the mystery and
let's see what else let's see what else we can do with that toxic venom that
they're using on their Arrow um I know that we can get there if we
milk those snakes can we milk some snakes
[Music]
[Music] thank you
so there we have it what helps in these cases scrivonius tell us what can you do
so you've you've had the you've had your taste of it you've had your drink of it
and it specifies this is for the ones who partake in the potation right this
is them right it's the same effect that has hitting somebody with it on the Arrow but this is the paralyzing fear
that one enters into when one is under the influence of the drug that allows
you to ascend into death and to be resurrected um and what helps for it well you know
for those who uh drink it um it's we need to you know get some
Rose um some potable rows that's interesting some Rose potion okay
get some nose potion and is there anything else sure there's a couple other plants but um I want you to mix it
with lactate at antidoto mistradatio
with milk and with the again milk it doesn't have to be milk like you thank
milk um but it says milk so milk and the
mithridatic antidote which is funny and it makes perfect sense contextually I
don't know why classists don't use any of this um but it makes perfect sense because
the um emperor Nero
is interested in the very same antidote so it would make sense that
again we're in a crime scene we have to step back and we realize that we're reading to you the witness tonight is a
witness connected with the legions this is the highest of the high
yeah this is the first and you're the last right this is this is the one and
he is bringing the recipes for the antidotes that are used in
conjunction with the Pagan mystery communion yeah yeah fantastic right above that
you'll see ephemeron in the recipe above that you'll see ephemeron that is what
we call colchicine right yeah we get culture scene from it
right caucus it's literally the Greek just caucus all right so it's one of
those ones and be careful with that one it tells you you burn yourself with that one right you'll get you get quite
burned up I want to show you I want to read you a little bit of Valerius flaccus
I want to read you a little bit of hilarious flakkus and I want you to see the
working of the ancient magic what is that what is the person doing okay so we
know that they're entering the right and they're using that they're milking
um Vipers they're milking vipers they're milking poison venomous snakes in order to make
to add ingredients to these um yes uh communions that they're using
yeah these potions these compound um this compound drug that ultimately
will end up ultimately will end up with the
um with the medwa now somebody was asking me do we know if they smoked and
this is an old question um and one that I was just asking again do we know if they smoked they performed
fumigations they perform fumigations they walk around with Marlboros in Antiquity as
Claudius going to worry about his troops pulling out that he's responsible for pulling out marbles no he's not he's got
to be worried about them entering into fumigations that will get them involved
in drinking things and administering things anally
um and um administering things via incisions on the skin
yeah and by performing things like this um fumigation you feel the whole room
it's like hot boxing you just fill the whole room with fumes right from you remember your religions are based upon
taking incense and putting them upon a burning altar right this is where
everything starts right your Western religions are built upon that I can't
speak for these but for the Western religions they're built upon that this burning of the incense and the temples
come on Jehovah never lied about that one he lied about a lot but he didn't lie about that one right pull down those
temples where they're burning incense to those gods right where they're entering those
States so breathing breathing this incense breathing this uh fumigated
substance is that like smoking um yeah if you're getting fumigated uh you
might as well be your step up from secondary that's for sure but you know
you probably classified as secondary smoking okay that's neat I want to read you a little passage from Valerius
flacus now to bring us all to a place where we're at the same spot there's this guy costes who comes from the West
to the east to see Medea in performing uh what she was became so well known for
that we can't even translate properly so tonight we looked at it we looked at
somebody entering a a bacchic phase with these drugs we saw them entering this
hilarity head back saying the things that scribonius says are hard to be
interpreted right what they say so um now I want to go to this
late Bronze Age um worker of sorcery co-hostes that we see
in the in Valerius flaccus argonautica his story about
the medwa he says mightiest among them in stygian
arts kawas days comes he's the mightiest what is this did you in the what the
stygian Arts yeah those of the underworld Arts
yeah those are the Arts that make us all afraid at night when we have our
nightmares those are the Arts that are doing it
you know these are the necromancers necromancers um anyway
not love of War excites him but the fame of city of the Satan maid
a breathing poisons in match to his own
um that's the trans uh translation um who is this it's not in uh
who is this let me give you the Mosley this is the mostly translation
but in the line that he translates poisons equal to yours is the difficulty
there's a difficulty with the Greek just the terrible I mean with the Latin just a terrible terrible difficulty and I
will uh I will read it to you in Latin and translate it literally
so lickitot neck Martis Amor um the love of war the love of Mars does
not move him love of Mars don't you love that now you know why the fleece
which the garden which the dragon guards is hanging in
the Grove of Mars it's important that you understand that image wise
it's important that you understand put yourself in that place if we're in the Grove of Mars yes so not the love of
Mars said farmer kataya we're a Guinness but the satin virgin
Medea yeah
yeah doing what spearons what draws him her spirons breathing
inhaling party bus
Winans um balanced
drugs poisons inhaling them yeah now we call this and we see this in
on the metal side this breathing of the of the uh drug and remember these drugs
that they're using are not all things that they aerosolize right these are not all fumigations that they're performing
there's a lot of incense involved and there's a lot of exposure to that instance but a lot of these that are
administered um rectally orally um ocular wise in slits in the skin a
lot of these drugs are not kinds that you would use in fumigations so what
exactly its meaning it's mystery what is it meaning when it
says he was so impressed this Necromancer right now that he's gone the
text says now they left his homeland to come see this um to come see the medwa perform this
act he uh he the people can sleep safely and soundly and because he's no longer
drawing down the Moon yeah he's no longer drawing down the
Moon so he is with her now in order to see her breathe
in these equal these balanced poisons
yeah so and that word for breathing is associated in Antiquity with the Romans
with the inspiration the breadth of inspiration
right she is a weirago we just read about a weirago last time
correct we saw that Eve the one who cries Ewa she is the wirago all right we
saw that's how they described her as the weird ago we are squarely with Roman
Minerva squarely with her and it is she that gets us to that place by worship of the
muses by worship of the muses she gets us to that place
um and her breathing her breathing is through
equal equally balanced drugs
equally balanced poisons she's oftentimes said Seneca claims that
she has um a compound created from different
uh Venoms snake Venoms and in her very authentic incantation
um she invokes ophiuchus so we are seeing now you see in the
tradition of the epics he's in the poetic Traditions you see
Medea's medicine emerging but you can see the very same
medicine in the text of the
Imperial doctors of the highest ranking Imperial doctors
and in the doctors who serve people like Nero
so We Are One Step Closer to completing the
scene completing that crime scene our concern and people have been talking
about this our concern is to bring back lady Babylon that's the
mission right to understand that reality to um to see and to know to have eyes to
see and ears to hear to not follow a fairy tale but to worship reason
an honor reason so we want to bring back that image
we're stuck here at this scene with Jesus Jesus Christ arrested in a public
park slash Cemetery at early early morning hours with a naked
boy and what is he doing there under those circumstances we're beginning to be able
to see at least a history of where these drug rights come from
and to see that they're entrenched within very high levels of ancient Society there's a
reason that the bakic suppression of 186 or 185 whenever
it is that that would be see that that was um a reaction to
this cult operating with the highest levels of the aristocracy we're told
that it was the women that were getting rounded up and it said they were they were arresting the wives
the Senators who were involved um and how did they how did they know
that they were involved in the conspiracy because of the drugs
yeah because of the drugs that's how they identified them isn't it interesting to know that if it
was a conspiracy as the Romans viewed it a conspiracy not just the free expression of religion but we're talking
when religion and and political power are the same thing
um yes you see the bakkens today when we when we say when the Romans say
yes it was a conspiracy because they were trying to take power um we need to consider then that this is
really this is no longer fairy tale world this is a very human place that we've come to
and we need to consider these sources if I were to tell you some of the secrets
that are in these things you might start getting
you might start getting paranoid about uncovering even further what what
is behind thee what is behind the facade um were women
staying at home all of these drug Traditions come from
female practice the oldest ones that we have come from the Gynecology and obstetrics
so somebody out there right now is told today is talking about
um uh the use of Aero poisons yeah until that that's great
congratulations you know it used to be it used to be that um people would
openly deny Scholars would openly deny no no they didn't use drugs there's no drugs involved right I just read you an
entire drug passage about antidas to a drug that gets you so high you Babble
and blurt and uh wiggle your tongue like you like you're you just been
decapitated right and we just discussed the antidotes used to bring those people
back from that edge so were they using drugs wake up
wake up and smell the Opium right but that's old it used to be you had to
fight against that people say no no they didn't use drugs because they don't want to look at their history in the context
of people using drugs can we really say Augustus who brought the pox Romana that
he was an opium swiller yeah we can you know we can yes scrivonius says so yes
um but we don't want to say those kind of things now we're at the step now we're at the step where we know this is
the this is the Renaissance this is the Renaissance of the psychedelics this is the toxic
step forward that's always necessary in order to initiate
the spark in order to start the spark the apocalypse that brings that
return that brings that return it's a cyclical mystery right it's death and rebirth
so um I wanted you tonight to see
that there is a tradition that has left behind evidence
good strong linguistic evidence first-hand testimony you can't you know
you get scribbonius up in the up in trial up in the stand uh there's nothing
better you know it right out of their mouths you know you can't deny it it's
right out of their mouths so if uh uh if we are at that point that we are
determining what that crime scene involves with Jesus now we know we know
that the drug side of things goes way back and is heavily influential in a
contemporary in the Contemporary time in a century when he is scrivonius is the early first
century right his exact contemporary with Jesus they probably he probably
died within a few years not a few years but shortly there after Jesus died to
complete contemporary right so and we have in that contemporary we have the use of these
drugs for the sake of entering into a state of mystery communion
the process of being born again now tonight I thank and I thank you um
tonight I want to finish with two people
with Rob and snappy and before we go to Rob and snappy
um I want uh Snappy to step up and give us a
two-minute presentation on some of the things that are going on
behind the scenes with the Discord
and what good news we've got from that Snappy go for it all right thank you uh Moon so first off
uh the Discord has reached over a hundred members so thank you everyone for joining and over a dozen of you have
uh decided to either shave your heads or walk the path of Aphrodite and as a mom
was saying big things are happening right now we are working at establishing
our very own Temple to the muses first we're looking about doing this online
um we have Dr Buzzard who's working at making a Wiki and he's right now working on the JavaScript for that and there's
also been discussion about recreating and developing our own order of the Rose
and the idea behind this would be to organize ourselves and to create a sort
of fraternity but but without those gender distinctions you know uh we wanna
come together and form a stronger community and create some organizations
so that we can focus on this like I was speaking to Amon and we want to to have
people who are dedicated to the magic people who are dedicated to archiving this people who are dedicated to
sourcing the mystery directly people who are the who are looking for Medea in
other cultures and so on there's so much that we can focus on and we'd love it if
you guys all came to the Discord and we were we could all pile together and work
this out and start to organize ourselves a little a little more uh formally
yeah and excellent excellent and I can't tell you how much
it means to me that the pool of you who are interacting now on this Discord are
so um are so aggressively reason reason
oriented um yeah just good Pagan Satanist
uh uh you know just the salt of the earth this is this is um this is how it
should be and I'm I'm truly I'm impressed and humbled so
um Rob now has uh an idea for uh you know ideas for the how the direction of
the museum can go and what it's my job to do is to step back and let the people who were who were just we have such a
resource of people here that can really help design things and can open up this
virtual space because you know you know the um
that most of us have broken out of Cults and most of us are coming in that
direction as reasonable reasonable sataness and most
of us are necromancers at heart and want to raise the dead and want to
um achieve something so people have been asking me what is our goal and what is
our mission and I will just add this if it is anything short
of bringing back lady Babylon then why would we do it why would we do
it at all Rob what's your vision of a museum tell me what you're working on
well I love it I've been working on it for a while now put in philosophical teams because I
haven't really I haven't set anything up that is concrete and if I'm honest I need some
help in setting it up but what what I had
well very early days I had the idea of forming another Discord which is more
centered towards these episodes which features the the very the very source is what are in
the episodes for people who for people who want to go a little bit deeper and focus on the Shaw's material
that are featured in the episodes just like a specific kind of
nature but of also aware of the fact that that might offend the current
Discord so it's been like a slow progress because the Discord as it is is fantastic and
it's it's not something that you that you could that you could say needs needs
work it doesn't need any work at all it's not it's not that kind of expression where I'm trying to entertain
what I'm trying to attain is some sort of special area
for people who really want to engage with the material what are in the
episodes rather than because there's a wide variety of opinions of varied ideas and the
Brilliance I I haven't got it it isn't like you'd want close that down because
you should look everywhere for all your information now your information should come from random sources all sorts of
sources everywhere what can spark different ideas and that's the nature of
the Discord because you're going to get all these ideas out there and that's fantastic and that goes on that's that's
what's going on but there's also like a more specific side that
I personally want to address I'd like and for for example I'm going to use
tonight for example you know we talk about the the toxins were on the ends of
these arrows and these Arrow poisons and you'll shoot them into some somebody and
it has this dramatic effect upon them and I won't know is how you get from
that point to rubbing it on something that's shaped like a dildo for an application in a ritual that's
where I want to go I want to go into that I don't really want to go
obviously it's a part of it that you want to go broader and you want to see the comparatives differences and also
the the areas out there where are comparative and you you can draw them and you say well these this culture is
doing the same type of thing but that has got its own Forum there isn't a
forum for that specific well you know what's in that toxin that kills you but
can also be applied to the body in another way and that's where I'd like to
focus on to be clear yeah and yeah okay yeah so you can see
okay this is perfect you can see how Rob focuses in on um kind of a refinement of an academic
type um a branch of this Grand
you see that that that's that that's like people thinking off possessions so it's
like it's known opposition to it's a complementary side approach to an already successful
Discord it's it's not meant as any sort of yeah yeah no I'm not getting what you
want out of that Discord because you are you you literally are but yeah and we're
all we're all coming at this from the same start we're all coming at it from the same start so it's just like you
said you need some help and how to design this right that's the Brilliance of what's going on is that it's we're
connecting now these all these minds and expertise now are connecting we're on
the same frequency right the Christians and the Jews and the Muslims
um the Hindus they're going to start doing they're gonna see what we have here and they're going to
start if they haven't already they're going to flood to this because this is the movement people are not going to be
going to buildings right we have to think of the future and the future is
for us constructing this virtual Temple right we start with this Temple of muse
and we will build a city I know that people are interested in different areas
people want the magic right they want to we have to start a magic class immediately there has to be a specialty
we have to get people to understand the rudiments of necromancy and again not by
preaching not by teaching but giving people the sources by giving people the
sources and saying look don't don't trust me trust what this witch from the
fourth Century said um because that's what we're hearkening back to yeah
um I think um Rob raises an interesting
concern though and this is something that I think we need to address is that we need to focus in on certain things
and we need to have like you were bringing up a moan we need to have sort of designated organizations where people
are focused on specific things like if we can be more organized in our approach
we can have a better way of understanding these things so people who are more dedicated to tracing the
mystery and what the drugs are and people who are more interested in the magic but we all like you said and we
all need to be doing the necromancy but that's the idea where we're at right now is that the Discord is wonderful for
invoking this freedom and invoking uh our ourselves to just follow the Muse
but it does lack cohesion and what your episodes bring is that cohesion and I
think that's what we need to try and do going forward as we try to make this a little more formal and create our our
order of the rows is have a more dedicated focus and have people streamlined you know and dedicated to to
specific Pursuits yeah let me let me ask you both this question while we're here and maybe we
can bounce this off the audience somehow um we have a real duty to put together
this scene um and to figure out what Jesus is doing with this naked boy
um and what are the details of it we have a duty to delve into that we have a
duty to bring that if we're go if we're Bringers of reality right if we're
trying to tell people look what you've been sold as a fairy tale and let me
show you what's actually there in order to open up their to take off their
blinders and to free them if we are really going to perpetuate the bakkick
freedom then we're going to have a mission has to have a mission that's oriented in
um to those people who are currently um enslaved so we have to be ministers to
the enslaved do we not oh definitely right but the question is
how do we how do we approach this too because there's also was a lot of concern on the Discord like um both rat
king and and Dion brought this up is like they're in California they could start a church tomorrow if we wanted to
but you're gonna get a lot of people who are looking for wish fulfillment who
don't who aren't necessarily seeking the same things that we're seeking so we
have to be not exclusive but we have to be careful in our approach right we're
not a church right uh we're trying to invoke the mystery we're trying to bring
that back we're trying to bring lady Babylon back or something new or something different you know
yeah let me yeah let me elaborate just by saying
um that's why I use the detective um metaphor
um because we're that's all we can do look who are we people are we part of some special Organization no are we are
we funded by billionaires no um are we uh uh are we some kind of
special Illuminati no we're just average people who want to know what the reality
is we want to put aside the [__] with the academics we want to step aside
from the hoo-ha and from this the sale the wholesale you know shopping out of
uh the prostitution of History yeah you know what I'm talking about
um we want to we want to put those things aside and we want to just get down to that basic level of the evidence
that's that's what we are um um I would never ever want to start a
church I would never want to start a church no um or any sort of organization that was
anything beyond a salon of people who were influencing
the world around them by their worship of the muse it's all that matters you know let them
have the world let them have the world Rob what do you think our mission is we're getting we're getting further into
this we're getting further into the into the mystery the more episodes we we're
putting out the more people are becoming accustomed to what what what
you're presenting and that's only ever been my mission to get your work out
there so people can review it and re just just have a look at it from the
for themselves is that a profound effect upon me but that doesn't mean it I'm not every I just want to get it out
there for everybody to see but also what you can't forget is oh bloody huge this
subject becomes it isn't it I mean we it's very commendable
to want to uh what I want to do is focus in on the episodes and that is
Monumental in itself you if you go people will know and they will be doing
this and going back through the episodes and then they will be taking notes and they will be looking things up just as
I've done and it you just can't you've got to repeat I'm sure then people will appreciate it
how huge this unfolds it unfolds and unfolds and unfolds and when you try and
fold it back up into a nice neat little package of explainability it's it's it's
almost ineffable and that's a problem what we face is understanding to go into
the Mind issue of things is a good thing but also coming out and having this
overview uh if you if you come out and you look at the overview and you you look at the
subjects You cover with the Mysteries it's enormous I'm I'm
sure I'm messing up expressing that but it it's what I've found is you think
you're moving forward and you think you're learning a lot and then you realize how little you do know about
this subject and it's overwhelming that that feeling is because you get to a
certain stage where you think I'm getting comfortable I'm comfortable with this information now and I understand this information then the next piece you
go into it can blow your mind and open up another
call them rabbit holes before you to to explore and that's where I've found
fascinating with your work um and is you need to just start that
spark get get that get them people to see that initial spark and get what
you're trying to put across because then you're you're on you're on a roll and
you just go with it and I've been at this for two years been at least for two
years then I don't miss a day a day doesn't go by that it doesn't cross my mind and I'm sure there are people out
there who are experiencing the same thing and I just think there should be a place
where this can be discussed especially the episodes and the broader
aspects of the Mysteries because you go on the Discord the current Discord is
it's enormous there's subjects it's fantastic and that's the wide broad
scope of what you can learn and it gets bigger and bigger and bigger it never stops you only realize how
little you know what's your opinion of of that um would
you say that's accurate well I think we're yeah I think deeper than everybody else aren't you
I think we're getting closer if you're walking under that into that Temple and
it says hey Know Who You Are then yeah we're um the more you're
saying oh I don't know and the more you're getting deeper into it the more bakic yeah you're becoming and if you
forget you can ride it on your arm and you can say Bacchus says you don't know
who you are you don't know what you're doing you don't know what kind of life you're living
um if we can get ourselves if we can get ourselves to the point that we're free
um it's not dependent upon a person or or um any sort of institution or any
Steward of Dogma it's it's a real Freedom it's a freedom you can't take away from somebody you know you can't I
don't care what you can tell me now as soon as I've seen Jesus in the garden with the goop on his face and and oh God
take this cup away right and again there's stuff going on there's cops stuff phrase phrase and there's a naked
Kid ah right and the swords swords Sway and stuff once you've been to that scene
and the crowd is like Kill Em killing and by the way those of you who are writing and saying um you're blaspheming
you're right you're right I am I am in order to
achieve that breakthrough we have to see Jesus Christ for who he was
he was a man arrested in a public park with a naked boy
when you go to drink of his blood and eat of his flesh you are promoting a
rapist pedophile your institutions or the institutions of rapist pedophiles
your conspiracy cute groups or institutions that have promoted the
greatest rapist pedophile of all time you are guilty you have that all over
your skin you have it all over your nation you have created a an association
of Liars who promote a man who was arrested in a public part with a naked
boy it's it's time for reality guys thanks for joining me tonight and um I'm
sure that the brains the brains behind what's going on there's so much there's
so much brain Snappy in the in this Discord that I'm sure it's going to congeal I mean I don't want to step in
the way so to everybody that that's involved let's let's keep let's keep
involved and hail Satan good talking to you show me the girl I
had never met I want it so bad
where is that Golden Palace where is that horse called Destiny I think she
ran off without me [Music]